So we now learned what angle is.
Maybe you also came across the many words of angular that you can find there is angular A7 now.
We also had six.
Couple of words to an angular one.
Now angular one was initially released in 2010 and it provided a revolution to the way we can build
front end user interfaces in the browser because it was a huge step forward.
When it came to using browser side javascript to reach rendered a Dom to update the dom at runtime and
therefore provide highly interactive user experiences without reloading the page angular or was a complete
rewrite of Angler one an angle or two was initially released in 2016.
It has nothing in common with angular one except for the core team that developed it.
And therefore if you know angular one unfortunately that knowledge will not help you much.
On the other hand you also don't need to know angular one to get the most out of discourse.
Now what's up with angler's six seven and all yabber versions.
Now this entire set on the left here is now referred to as just angular.
It's one in the same framework which totally differs from angular one but which doesn't not differ a
lot within the separate world.
So it is just angular on the hand angular one is now called angular J.S. to make it clear that these
are two totally separate frameworks now two different words.
We have four angular So four angular two plus are really just incremental improvements.
No complete rewrites.
Not at all to certain texts we use an angle or 7 and therefore in discourse is the same as we used an
angle or two.
There were just some bug fixes minor improvements some new features but generally decent access to same
discourse was updated a couple of times to incorporate these changes and you'll learn the latest angular
syntax in this course.
Therefore because I always and I will do that in the future do update lectures or whole sections or
the whole course even if it is required to meet the latest syntax.
But again it hasn't changed a lot almost hasn't changed at all since angular to an angler JSH or one
as I mentioned is not related to angle or two and it's not part of discourse.
We focus on this part on angler and you'll learn later syntax in this course.
You'll learn Anglo's 7 here but behind the scenes you also learn angler too.
Because again it's really just the same just that angular sevenths like improved to work.
Of angular to.